add more clarification for result node selector (#7261)
dbt-labs/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/reference/node-selection/methods.md

### result

> The `result` method is related to the `state` method described above and can be used to select resources based on their result status from a prior run. Note that one of the dbt commands [`run`, `test`, `build`, `seed`] must have been performed in order to create the result on which a result selector operates. 

Reviewer: Hiya @mirnawong1 

Not to be picky, but from yesterday's convo, where you made me aware of directional words (ie below), maybe the sentence "The `result` method is related to the `state` method described above..." can be rephrased to something like "The `result` method is related to the `state` method described here" "here" could be linked to the section you're referring to?

Kind Regards
Natalie

Author: good catch! i didn't look at existing content that was already there and just focused on the new stuff below! happy to change it - thank you!

> The `result` method is related to the `state` method described above and can be used to select resources based on their result status from a prior run. Note that one of the dbt commands [`run`, `test`, `build`, `seed`] must have been performed in order to create the result on which a result selector operates. 

Author: ```suggestion
The `result` method is related to the [`state` method](/reference/node-selection/methods#state) and can be used to select resources based on their result status from a prior run. Note that one of the dbt commands [`run`, `test`, `build`, `seed`] must have been performed in order to create the result on which a result selector operates. 
```

Author: cc @nataliefiann

# run all tests that failed on the prior invocation of dbt test
dbt test --select "result:fail" --state path/to/artifacts 

# run all the models associated with failed tests from the prior invocation of dbt build
dbt build --select "1+result:fail" --state path/to/artifacts

# run all seeds that generated errors on the prior invocation of dbt seed
dbt seed --select "result:error" --state path/to/artifacts 
```

- Only use `result:fail` when you want to re-run tests that failed during the last invocation. This selector is specific to test nodes. Tests don't have downstream nodes in the DAG, so using the `result:fail+` selector will only return the failed test itself and not the model or anything built on top of it.
- On the other hand, `result:error` selects any resource (models, tests, snapshots, and more) that returned an error.
- As an example, to re-run upstream and downstream resources associated with failed tests, you can use one of the following selectors:
  ```bash
  # reruns all the models associated with failed tests from the prior invocation of dbt build
  dbt build --select "1+result:fail" --state path/to/artifacts

>   # reruns models upstream and downstream of failed tests — especially in deferred state workflows 

Author: ```suggestion
  # reruns the models associated with failed tests and all downstream dependencies - especially useful in deferred state workflows
```
